doc/user: improve Kafka source and sink docs (#20196)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/sql/create-source/kafka.md

the upstream Kafka broker. For more details on monitoring source ingestion
progress and debugging related issues, see [Troubleshooting](/ops/troubleshooting/).

## Required permissions

The access control lists (ACLs) on the Kafka cluster must permit Materialize
to perform the following operations on the following resources:

Operations  | Resource type    | Resource name
------------|------------------|--------------

> Read        | Topic            | The specified `TOPIC` option

Reviewer: The Kafka source will also attempt to commit offsets under the consumer group it creates, though IIRC it will fail open. We might want to include that permission here to avoid surprises later.

Author: Oh, great point, thanks!

the upstream Kafka broker. For more details on monitoring source ingestion
progress and debugging related issues, see [Troubleshooting](/ops/troubleshooting/).

### Committing offsets

> Kafka sources commit offsets when the messages up through that offset have been
> durably recorded in Materialize's storage layer. This enables Kafka tools that
> use committed offsets to determine consumer lag to monitor Materialize's
> progress through the source's topic.
> 
> Prefer using Materialize's native [progress
> monitoring](#monitoring-source-progress) to the committed offsets in Kafka. The
> progress information in Materialize will be more up to date than the committed
> offsets in Kafka.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To support Kafka tools that monitor consumer lag, Kafka sources commit offsets
once durably recording them in Materialize's storage layer.

However, rather than relying on committed offsets, Materialize suggests using
our native [progress monitoring](#monitoring-source-progress) which always
contains more up-to-date data.
```

Author: Thanks, accepted with a tiny modification.
